README.md, before:

# ![Black background with pastel rainbow gradient border, says Linda Thompson - your friendly neighborhood web developer](https://github.com/lindakatcodes/lindakatcodes/blob/main/GitHub-Header-v2.jpg)

## Thanks for stopping by 👋!

I'm Linda (she/her)! I love working with data, details, and design to build fun things for the web. Ultimately, I want to work on projects that help make the world a better place.

----

## Social Links

I highly recommend that you check out my personal site, **[lindakat.com](https://www.lindakat.com)**!
<br>
You'll find demos of projects I've worked on, all my technical writings, and a bit more about me there.

If you'd like to find me elsewhere online, check these sites:

Twitter - [@lindakatcodes](https://twitter.com/lindakatcodes)
<br>
Dev - [@lindakatcodes](https://dev.to/lindakatcodes)
<br>
CodePen - [@lindakatcodes](https://codepen.io/lindakatcodes)

----

## Uses

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=lindakatcodes&hide=PHP&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nightowl&layout=compact&card_width=255)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

I do all my code work in VS Code. I alternate between Overnight Slumber Italics, Night Owl and Panda themes. The bracket pair colorize extension is a must!

My laptop is an HP Pavilion 17" from 2017. I....couldn't even tell you what my desktop computer is. lol And I have no cool desk setup to write about...yet! I'll update this once that all changes.

----

## ~ You are headed down your path at your own pace, and with every obstacle you are trying your utmost best. Be patient with yourself, and remember that big things are achieved not all at once, but one day at a time. ~

Commit message:

Updated readme and cover image

README.md, after:

# ![Header image with a black background and pastel gradient top and bottom border and text, reading: Career changer building for the web & bringing teams together](https://github.com/lindakatcodes/lindakatcodes/blob/main/Cover.jpg)

## Thanks for stopping by 👋!

I'm Linda! I’m a career changer who builds stuff for the web and brings teams together. My background in customer service and the arts has given me resilience, communication skills, and empathy. I love logic puzzles and visual design, and bringing the two together to build experiences that make life easier for everyday people is my passion. 

----

## Portfolio

I highly recommend that you check out my personal site, **[lindakat.com](https://www.lindakat.com)**!
<br>
You'll find demos of projects I've worked on, all my technical writings, and a bit more about me there. It's my personal playground and where I show off all the cool things I work on!

----

## Uses

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=lindakatcodes&hide=PHP&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nightowl&layout=compact&card_width=255)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Linda's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=lindakatcodes&show_icons=true&theme=nightowl)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

At home I'm a Windows user. I just got a new Lenovo Legion laptop to use as my main coding machine! I also use VSCode as my editor of choice. But remember - do and use what works best for you! There is no "perfect" tool - just the one that allows you to do what you're trying to do best. 
----

## ~ You are headed down your path at your own pace, and with every obstacle you are trying your utmost best. Be patient with yourself, and remember that big things are achieved not all at once, but one day at a time. ~
